annot: Cook the rice noodles in boiling water
ACTID: 0
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the rice noodles (-1)
[PP, food, in] boiling water (-1)
annot: Combine soy sauce, garlic, ginger, sesame seeds, red pepper, and salt
ACTID: 1
PRED: combine
[DOBJ, food] soy sauce (-1), garlic (-1), ginger (-1), sesame seeds (-1), red pepper (-1), salt (-1)
annot: Pour oil into the wok
ACTID: 2
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1)
[PP, location, into] the wok (-1)
annot: Add the spice mixture and onions to the wok
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the spice mixture (1), onions (-1)
[PP, food, to] the wok (2)
annot: Add the rice noodles and bean sprouts to the wok
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the rice noodles (0), bean sprouts (-1)
[PP, food, to] the wok (3)
annot: stir
ACTID: 5
PRED: stir
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: Add the vegetables to the wok
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the vegetables (-1)
[PP, food, to] the wok (5)
annot: stir
ACTID: 7
PRED: stir
[PP, food, ] (6)
annot: mix flour and water together
ACTID: 8
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] flour (-1), water (-1)
annot: heat the paste in the microwave
ACTID: 9
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] the paste (8)
[PP, location, in] the microwave (-1)
annot: place the filling on the corner of the wrapper
ACTID: 10
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the filling (7)
[PP, location, on] the corner of the wrapper (-1)
annot: roll the wrapper half way up
ACTID: 11
PRED: roll
[DOBJ, food] the wrapper (10)
annot: Fold the sides of the wrapper in
ACTID: 12
PRED: fold
[DOBJ, food] the sides of the wrapper (11)
annot: Roll the wrapper all the way up
ACTID: 13
PRED: roll
[DOBJ, food] the wrapper (12)
[PP, other, ] all the way up (-1)
annot: seal with the paste
ACTID: 14
PRED: seal
[DOBJ, food] the paste (9)
[PP, food, ] (13)
annot: place the spring rolls in the oil
ACTID: 15
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the spring rolls (14)
[PP, other, in] the oil (-1)
annot: Cook the spring rolls until golden brown
ACTID: 16
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the spring rolls (15)
[PP, other, until] golden brown (-1)